There's Hope and hunger at this Bakery
in jabalia refugee camp in Northern Gaza
securing a position in the queue doesn't
guarantee fam's bread even on good days
there isn't enough to go around and it's
expensive the children go every early
morning and stay in the queue just to
get a number where they were told to
come again at 9:00 a.m. to get bread
when they went at 9: the children are
told to come after 2 hours the children
went after 2 hours and still there's not
enough flower I am here to see what is
going on and it is late afternoon and
still no bread I have 23 family members
sometimes we don't have food we just
give anything to the children like a
piece of
chocolate local leaders have set up
selling points to ease the acute food
shortage in the
camp the UN world food program says
everyone on the Strip is hungry
we supported by the government opened
this bread point to help the people the
price is five shekels for 10 flatbreads
but we sell 11 flatbreads for five
shekels people came at 5:00 a.m. to wait
for their turn we need more flour
because the quantity we get is not
enough to meet the demands of the
people Israel's blockade on food
medicine and fuel entering Gaza has made
hunger and hardship on the Strip
worse you're witnessing here is a real
crisis epidemics and diseases are
spreading quickly here in shelters and
populated areas it is a disaster that we
have never experienced before even in
1948 1956 1967 or
1982 we experiencing a real disaster and
genocide for many bread has become the
symbol of resilience even in the hardest
of times people line up for their ration
Barbara and
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer